#WeeklyNotes #Journal #WeeklyBudget #HabitTracker
- - -
# THIS WEEKS BUDGET
>[!danger] IMPORTANT
> Put the most important Bills / Payments / etc.

- [ ] SAVINGS: N/A
- [ ] TTP Reinstate - ＄90 ~ 180

- [ ] Afterpay 1. - ＄
- [ ] Afterpay 2. - ＄

- [ ] Smart Rider. - ＄10 / *Apply for the Student Concesion Smart Rider*
- [ ] Groceries - ＄100

- [ ] Hairtcut - ＄30 ~
- [ ] Bottle Dex - ＄400



**WEEKS TOTAL: ＄**
  
- - -
### Budget Notes
>[!info] Write any scratch notes for finances & budgetting this week


## GROCERY LIST
*Recipe List*
>[!info] Add in some ideas for recipes to cook this week
* Bolognese Pasta
* Pesto Pasta
* Slow cooker beef stew
* Sheppards Pie


**Deli**
>[!info] Deli includes things like Bread / Milk / Meats /
> Add in the max budget for this section
- Bread
- Chicken
- Mince
- Beef for stew

**Fruit & Veg**
>[!info] Fruit & Veg including canned & frozen
> Add in the max budget for this section
- Broccoli
- Tomatoes
- Tinned Tomatoes
- Potatoes

**Snacks**
>[!info] Don't be stupid - you need some snacks here & there
> Add in the max budget for this section
- Chips
- Lollies & Chocs

- - -
# WEEKLY TASKS
>[!todo] WEEKLY TODO
> Put here - the list of tasks & todo's that should be completed over the week. Your Daily Todo's should be pulled from here.

- [ ] Writeup Next **Weeks Budget**
- [ ] Writeup your **Weekly Journal**
        * Should put into here: A reminder of your *WHY - MAKE MUM PROUD*
- [ ] 


- - -
# WEEKLY JOURNAL / REFLECTION
>[!info] Journaling & reflection
> The main thing to remember for this section: CONSISTENCY - Don't worry about writing a whole bunch of shit, just focus on getting some ideas & thoughts down, even if it's just some dot points. 
>
> Main idea is to build that habit.

## How have you fared on your work?
* 

- - -
## How have you felt this week?

**MON/TUES:**
* Have felt a lot more tired this week, ended up sleeping most of the weekend away, as well as pretty much most of Monday. *NOT GOOD!* - ended up missing the first day of class this week.
  
  As well as this I've also been FUUUUUCKIN frustrated, I'm basically *done* with technology. Nothing seems to work, and everything that can seem to break... DOES. SICK.
  
  Not even just with tech, even my fkn ear. Thought I'd finally stretchced it out to 10mm again, was painful, but everything seemed fine, couple of days all good, then it starts feeling fkn painful. Just to find out, the skin ripped and now it's infected...
  Fast forward like 3 days later, it's still fucked, YAY.
  
  So (technically) this was end of last week, but either way - fkn shit start to the week so far. 
  
  Hopefully I can get my shit together today, and turn this shit around by the end of the week.
  
      - And as of typing this shit out / the FUCKING MICE NOW GO ALL GLITCHY... & THE FUCKING INTERNET IS NOW DECIDING TO BARELY WORK
      - I am so fucking sick of this shit.
      
      

- - -
## Ideas for next week?

**PROJECT TASKS - Note**
* Might be a good idea to have 1 main tasks / notes file for each of the main projects. That way there's 1 main note / file / place - to have all of the tasks needed + the ideas / notes / research ~ anything like that can be started there, extended into another note, then backlinked.



- - -
## Anything notable this week? Videos / Links / Articles / Etc.
* 
* 

- - -
# HABIT TRACKER
>[!info] Tracking Habits 
> Once you start fleshing out how the Habit Tracker works - put the explainer here

| # Habit Name    | Mon | Tues | Wed | Thurs | Fri | Sat | Sun |
|-----------------|-----|------|-----|-------|-----|-----|-----|
| Drink Water     | X   | Y    |     |       |     |     |     |
| Exercise        | X   |      |     |       |     |     |     |
| Cook Food       | X   |      |     |       |     |     |     |
| Payed Off Debts | /   | /    |     |       |     |     |     |
| Stayed On Task  | X   |      |     |       |     |     |     |
|                 |     |      |     |       |     |     |     |


