## Bare Minimum

> [!COMPLETE FIRST]
> List todays non-negotiables, have to be done tasks. Important tasks take complete priority, and should be focused on completely before moving on.
> 
> 

### Important
- [ ] 
      

### Less Important
- [ ] 
      


## SAE Todo
## **In Class Activity: Week 1**

- Find a song that you like, that has a synthesized sound in it.
- Listen critically, what characteristics does the sound have?

- What is the sound, a bass? Lead? Ambient sound? Chord?
- Is it bright? Dull? What kind of waveform might be used for it?
- Does filtering play a part in the sound?
- Is there lots of movement in the sound, or is it fairly static?
- Is the sound quick (staccato) or long (legato)?
- What effects are on the sound? Distortion? Delay? Reverb? Unison or chorus?

- Have a go at re-creating the sound in Ableton using any of the synths there.
- Document this in your Professional Development page (Project 3) under the AUD212 section of your learning journal. Include:

- The characteristics of the sound you identified;
- A link to the song it’s from;
- A summary of your process for recreating it in Ableton, including a screenshot; and
- A bounced example of your sound for comparison.
---
## Might Do List



## Stretch Goals




- [ ] Clean House & Do Chores
	- [ ] Spare Bathroom
	- [ ] Room
	- [ ] Lounge
	- [ ] Kitchen
	- [ ] Do Washing
	- [ ] Meal Prep
- [ ] Apply - Austudy - [Centrelink](https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/payments-you-can-get-for-higher-education?context=60078)
- [ ] Start making CV / Resume
- [ ] Sus house finances 
- [ ] Watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_44XEVOwek) and note down how to be better with organisation / productivity
- [ ] Put shit up for sale on Marketplace 
- [ ] Organise Digital Spaces
	- [ ] Safari & Tab Groups / Reading Lists
	- [ ] Obsidian / Obsidian Publish
	- [ ] Reminders / Todo Lists
	- [ ] Freeform - Figure out how this should exactly be intergrated
- [ ] Clear Messages & Emails
	- [ ] Sammy! 
	- [ ] Catie
	- [ ] Gaia !!!
	- [ ] Lance
	- [ ] Rhianna
	- [ ] Giulia
	- [ ] Riley May - Film Student
- [ ] Go through & organise [[../Weekly Notes/W17 2023|W17 2023]] & Weekly Notes as well as notes in [Bear]()
- [ ] Apply - Tertiary Smart Rider